Chen Boxuan, you are dead
What do you feel sorry for?
Why don't you come up and fight me?
Sharp-toothed mud legs
You're dying and you don't know it, do you?
Do you think we people
Really came for that land
Haha, we are here to kill you today.
Chen Meixuan
Blame it on you for getting carried away after entering the city
Too many enemies
Humph
See for yourself how many people want your life?
Hahahaha
I miss home, but there is also a primary school student surnamed Ma
Stop talking nonsense, Chen Aesthetics
You will die today
So many of us
One person drowned in a mouthful of saliva
I know you're good at fighting
I used the Jiang family today
All the resources to destroy you
I see how crazy you are
Mrs. Chen, stop hiding
Since you are here
It means that you and Chen Tianyou are also involved
Certainly.
I won't give you any chance to make a comeback today
But
If you are willing to kneel down and kowtow to me
I could also consider leaving you with a full poem
Hahahaha
Well, I'll give you a chance too
As long as I apologize in your next life
I can spare you all.
Only kill the enemy prisoner Jiang Tianye
The man surnamed Chen is stupid, right?
Now you die and accept your fate